docs: clarification of description of explicit TLS (#3017)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/config/security/understanding-the-ports.md

#### Explicit TLS (aka Opportunistic TLS) - Opt-in Encryption

> Communication on these ports begin in [cleartext][ref-clear-vs-plain], indicating support for `STARTTLS`. If both client and server support `STARTTLS` the connection will be secured over TLS, otherwise usually no encryption will be used. But `docker-mailserver` will reject a connection that cannot be secured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Communication on these ports begin in [cleartext][ref-clear-vs-plain], indicating support for `STARTTLS`. If both client and server support `STARTTLS` the connection will be secured over TLS, otherwise the connection is unable to use encryption to secure it. By default, `docker-mailserver` is configured to reject connections that fail to establish a secure connection when authentication is required (_Port 25 can still receive mail unencrypted_).
```
